#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.external.in
#
alembic==1.13.2
    # via flask-migrate
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
api-entreprise==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
blinker==1.8.2
    # via flask
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via flask-caching
celery[gevent]==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.external.in
    #   flower
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   jwcrypto
    #   oic
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   oic
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via python-keycloak
easyprocess==1.1
    # via pyunpack
entrypoint2==1.1
    # via pyunpack
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.external.in
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-pyoidc
    #   flask-restx
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
flask-caching==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
flask-marshmallow==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.external.in
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.external.in
flask-pyoidc==3.14.3
    # via -r requirements.external.in
flask-restx==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.external.in
    #   flask-migrate
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.external.in
future==1.0.0
    # via pyjwkest
geoalchemy2==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.external.in
geopandas==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.external.in
gevent==24.2.1
    # via celery
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   gevent
    #   sqlalchemy
humanize==4.10.0
    # via flower
idna==3.8
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.4.4
    # via
    #   flask-pyoidc
    #   flask-restx
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via flask
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via flask-restx
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via python-keycloak
kombu==5.4.0
    # via celery
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   oic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via
    #   api-entreprise
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-dataclass
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-dataclass==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.external.in
    #   api-entreprise
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
more-itertools==10.4.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nocodb==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
numpy==2.1.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   pandas
    #   pyogrio
    #   shapely
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.external.in
oic==1.6.1
    # via flask-pyoidc
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.external.in
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   geopandas
    #   marshmallow
    #   pyogrio
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.external.in
    #   geopandas
pika==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.external.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   flower
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements.external.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via click-repl
psycopg==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.external.in
psycopg-binary==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.external.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via
    #   oic
    #   pyjwkest
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.4.0
    # via oic
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via oic
pyogrio==0.10.0
    # via geopandas
pyproj==3.7.0
    # via geopandas
pyrate-limiter==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.external.in
    #   api-entreprise
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-keycloak==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   flask-restx
    #   flower
    #   pandas
pyunpack==0.3
    # via -r requirements.external.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.external.in
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.external.in
    #   api-entreprise
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.external.in
    #   api-entreprise
    #   flask-pyoidc
    #   nocodb
    #   oic
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-keycloak
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via python-keycloak
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
shapely==2.0.6
    # via geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.external.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.external.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
tornado==6.4.1
    # via flower
typeguard==4.0.1
    # via marshmallow-dataclass
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jwcrypto
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via marshmallow-dataclass
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
uuid==1.30
    # via -r requirements.external.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.external.in
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements.external.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-restx
wget==3.2
    # via -r requirements.external.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.external.in
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.0.3
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
